HOT Tech: Feedback and Technical Support Proposal
Project Description: As HOT’s products strengthen and users increase on a daily basis, HOT needs to ensure that technical support requests and feedback are gathered from all users within the HOT community in a way that is standardized across all it’s products. Building upon current practices, HOT is looking for an individual that can strengthen current Technical Support and Feedback systems and integrate open source standard practices to reduce workload and capacity of the HOT tech development team. The outcome should be conducive to supporting both the HOT community and the HOT tech team.
Some key skills/aspects of the project include:
•	Understanding business needs for HOT Technology users and HOT tech team
•	Understand workflows for HOT Tech team and ensure feedback is inline with team requests.
•	Understand community needs
•	Propose/Develop a system that integrates business requirements and the needs of the HOT tech team, HOT internal and HOT community.
Feedback system is just one part of the whole customer experience, which is a users/members overall perception of company/community, based on their interactions with this system. Comparatively, it refers to specific touchpoints within the experience where a member requests and receives assistance or help—for example,getting quick respond to a problem, finding the right solution. 
In short, good feedback system can be achieved if you:
•	Make listening to members a top priority across the business
•	Use their feedback to develop an in-depth understanding of them
•	Implement a system to help you collect feedback, analyze it, and act on it regularly
•	Reduce friction and solve your customers' specific problems and unique challenges
A good feedback system comes from asking your members questions, listening to their responses, and actioning their feedback.
Communication Tools
Live Chat
One great approach to enabling direct feedback from your customers is through live chat. Intercom is a “way for internet businesses to communicate with customers, personally, at scale” which incorporates a chat widget on your website, allowing your customers to engage with you directly. Intercom is more than just a live chat though, it also offers rich metric reporting and integrations with your other favorite tools like GitHub, Slack, Salesforce, and more.

FAQ

Instead of one-on-one interactions, a FAQ/forum platforms is another option for aggregating conversations and feedback. Platform such as Tenderapp can enable your members or community to help themselves and each other, while still allowing you to monitor the discussion and gain insight. Help members help themselves: quickly answer frequently asked questions.

Introduction email/pm/dm

To make smooth transition for new comers (especially non tech people), it is advised to create an introduction email/message/pop up window which you must see how community/forum/slack/search/GIT works and who is responsible on what topics, in order to avoid similar questions, and search for help.

Gathering Feedback

Surveys

They’re easy to set up, easy to send out, easy to analyze, and scale very well. 
Keep it short, ask only the questions that you’ll use, start with open-ended questions, 
Short Surveys on Your Site can be another option (not more than 2 -3 questions), pick the page where it can be placed 

Feedback/Suggest boxes and Feedback button, Talk to us

At the bottom of every page on website, you’ll find this box/button.
The entire purpose of this form is to make it really easy for HOT users to tell the developers team when something isn’t working. It’s available as soon as someone needs it, out of the way when they don’t, and sends their message to multiple people here. It even collects information like the account name, the URL, and browser version so developers’ team can recreate the problem and determine exactly how to fix it.
The whole point of a feedback box is to get feedback from users about small things. That means they have very little motivation to tell us about it in the first place. And you won’t hear about the issue through other channels since it’s only a minor annoyance.


GitHub Issues

GitHub Issues are a powerful and very approachable tool for just about any member on your team. A repository can be created solely for tracking feedback, requests, or comments. This functionality provides users with a straightforward way to @mention team members and issues can be intuitively labelled or assigned appropriately.

Google Analytics

By using an analytics package on your website you can learn how people are discovering your content, using your site, and where they’re located, along with thousands of other metrics you can combine and visualize.

Fabric / Crashlytics

Crashlytics is a mobile SDK in the Fabric suite of development tools (a subsidiary of Twitter). Crashlytics gives developers precise information regarding issues that are causing their apps to under perform or crash. The feedback provided by tools like these can speed up feedback cycles for developers to get ahead of bugs, potentially even before the user has an opportunity to communicate the problem. While the aforementioned Firebase also has a Crash Reporting tool, it is currently in beta release.

First and foremost, you need to respond

•	For bugs and tech issues, connect them directly to HOT tech. 
•	Ask for a more detailed description of what they were trying to accomplish (this will help HOT tech team build the right solution).
•	Someone on HOT tech team should have the responsibility of replying to each piece of feedback within a few days. Ideally, send responses within 24 hours.

